hi guys welcome back to another of my
videos for those of you who don't know
me my name is Karla and I post new
videos every single week today I'm going
to share with you a very delicious
recipe we're gonna make the bun cake
this is the best bundt cake I've ever
tried it's so yummy it's a Mennella bun
cake it has some cinnamon and some
pecans yeah because and it's super super
yummy
so I really hope you guys enjoy this
recipe and before we start the Spanish
short I gotta teach you guys is how to
say vanilla and you say bye Mia bye Mia
very very simple so let's get it started
with this video these are the
ingredients you're going to need for
this cake one yellow cake box one
vanilla instant pudding and pie filling
for eggs 1 cup of milk 1 cup of
vegetable oil 1 cup of sour cream 1 or 2
tablespoons of cinnamon 3 tablespoons of
sugar and some chopped pecans or pecans
however you pronounce them and the first
thing you're gonna do is you're gonna
pre-heat your oven to 350 degrees
Fahrenheit then you're gonna mix all the
ingredients that I just mentioned
and once everything's mixed together
you're gonna add the P calms or Pickens
if you don't like pecans or pecans
you can add almonds or whatever you like
then in a separate bowl you're gonna mix
the sugar and the cinnamon then we're
going to grease our pan this is very
important and we're gonna add half of a
mixture and we're going to make sure
that it's evenly distributed and then
we're going to add the cinnamon and the
sugar mixture it's all completely
covered
finally we're finished by putting the
rest of the mixture and now we're gonna
put it in the oven for about 45 minutes
and after 45 minutes it has to look
something like this it looks super yummy
you guys should definitely try this and
if you do please please send me a
picture to my facebook my Twitter or my
Instagram and for knowing if your cake
is ready just insert a toothpick and if
it comes out clean it's ready now comes
the moment of truth
because we're gonna flip it over and it
has to come up clean if you didn't
grease your pen um completely if it's
gonna stick so you we don't want that we
wanted to come just like this and I'm
going to sprinkle some powder shirt like
this if you wish you don't
- but it looks prettier with powdered
sugar and total this is how you get this
key I really hope you guys enjoy this
video if you did please remember to like
it or thumbs up - comment down below and
also subscribe to my channel to get the
new videos every single week have a nice
weekend and see you next Thursday
hmm